# FFT-executable-tool
Tool for parsing data and performing FFT with specialised sub-sampling features.


**TODO**--> Instruction set to be added to this readme:

1. Package dependencies on how to run
2. Location of the simple windows executable (so no code editors or IDEs are required)
3. Video/ image instruction of the various features of the tool and how to use it (video for internal iNetic staff, image guide for external users of the tool)

<hr>

Some pertinent notes about the files in this workspace:

1. `Combined_book4_with_time.csv` is Combined_book4.csv - after being run by add_time_column.py in `./Auxiliary` tools. 

2. The `Test_cases_report.pdf` is an analysis of test cases generated from all the test case files in ./Test Case Data. These were generated by `add_time_column.py`, which produces signals of known frequency and noise characteristic (essentially applying an inverse FFT).

These were then analysed, with various filters applied. This both validated the frequency spectrum, quality of data parsing and filter performance.

**NOTE** True self_test would be applying using generating a signal using an **ifft** (inverse fft) of frequencies and amplitudes. Then running a program to compare the **fft** of the signal, against the input file on which the **ifft** was applied. However as ddescribed before, due to multiple layers of data transformations, alongside 'random' nature of some of the noise generation, a manual method was used, as described in the report.

## Specific use case:

3. The `README_Cogging_Analysis.pdf` is a report of the functionality `cogging.py`, developed by **Phil Phillipou**, 2025 for **torque cogging** analysis FFT. To transform the raw data, say, sampled by the oscilloscope to required format for **torque cogging/ ripple** data, use `signal_parser_tool.py` in `./Auxiliary tools/`. This uses some of the algorithms developed by **Phil Phillipou, 2025** as well as own ones.

